KEP-5999:Documentation updates for alpha release (#56323)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/H2CContainerProbe.md

---
title: H2CContainerProbe
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false

stages:
  - stage: alpha
    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.37"
---
Enables HTTP/2 cleartext (h2c) support for HTTP container probes via a

> `protocol` field on `HTTPGetAction`. When enabled, setting `protocol: HTTP2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables HTTP/2 cleartext (h2c) support for HTTP container probes. When enabled,
you can add the `protocol` field to the `httpGet` field in HTTP probes. Setting `protocol: HTTP2`
```

Author: done

> `protocol: HTTP2` on a liveness, readiness, or startup probe causes the kubelet to

Reviewer 2: Component binaries require backticks.

```suggestion
`protocol: HTTP2` on a liveness, readiness, or startup probe causes the `kubelet` to
```

Author: done, thanks
